I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Holiday House
Peppa and her family are flying
to another country for a holiday.
We hope you have enjoyed your flight.
Please fasten your seat belts.
This is Captain Emergency speaking.
We are about to land in Italy.
Oh, Italy! That sounds nice.
The aeroplane has landed.
Hooray!
Oh dear!
Peppa has left Teddy on the aeroplane.
Now, we need a car to drive
to our holiday house.
Here is the place to borrow cars.
Hello.
(意大利语)
In Italy, people speak Italian.
Oh, erm. we need a car.
(意大利语)
Let me handle this.
I'm an expert at talking.
We need a car.
(意大利语)
Not eggs. A car.
Erm, no. Not flowers. No.
Broom! Broom!
(意大利语)
Broom! Broom! Beep! Beep!
Well done, George.
He! He!
This bag is heavy.
Are you sure we need everything in here,
Mummy Pig?
Yes, it's all very important.
Are we going to get lost
like you always do?
No, Peppa.
The sitenava tells us the way.
(意大利语)
In Italy,
the sitenav talks in Italian.
(意大利语)
Maybe we don't need the sitenav.
Erm. Let's go this way.
Remember Daddy Pig,
this is another country.
They may drive differently here.
Ho! Ho! Driving is driving, Mummy Pig.
It can't be that different.
(意大利语)
Driving in Italy
is very different to driving at home.
Hello! Yes, we are on a holiday.
Daddy,
why are they beeping their horns at us.
I expect they are saying "Hello".
Can we say "Hello" back?
Of course we can.
Hello.
(意大利语)
Everyone is so friendly here.
Peppa and her family are on their way
to their holiday house.
Ah! We're almost there.
Yes, I can feel myself relaxing already.
Teddy! I left Teddy on the aeroplane.
What?
We have to go back for Teddy.
Er.
Oh dear! It is a policeman.
Hello, officer.
I don't know what I was doing wrong,
but I promise I won't do it again.
Good day! I'm returning this young bear.
He was left on the aeroplane.
Oh, thank you!
Teddy!
Have a lovely holiday.
Here we are.
Peppa and her family have arrived
at their holiday house.
What have you got in this bag, Mummy Pig?
It's all important stuff for our holiday.
A lovely plant, our computer,
tinned food, hot water bottles,
some winter clothes in case it gets a bit chilly,
the telephone.
Let's ring Granny and Grandpa.
Granny and Grandpa Pig are looking after
Goodie the fish while Peppa is on holiday.
Are you sure we are feeding Goodie enough?
I'll just feed her a pinch more.
Hello.
Hello, Granny.
Can I speak to Goodie please?
It's Peppa. For you!
I miss you too, Goodie.
It has been a long day.
Now it is time for bed.
Good night my little piggies.
Peppa and George are fast asleep
in their holiday house.